Hey there!
My name is Jason, and I’m a software engineer working at
MediaMath on their financial platform in New York City,
with a BS in Computer Science from New York University.

I'm an all-purpose developer that can do everything from
running through the full web-stack, building out general
command-line programs, scaling out API endpoints, among
many, many other things.

For web dev, I can build out APIs/services from scratch
in Node + express, or via the Django framework, though
whatever tech stack is in use, I can quickly acclimate
and use my prior general knowledge.

I've got a lot of experience with different languages,
and can normally pick up languages pretty quickly.
Off the bat I can program anything in Java, Python,
Bash, C, JavaScript, and a few other languages
depending on what problem needs solving. I believe
deeply in using the best tool for the job, and am
trained in a language-agnostic fashion.

If you guys want a bit of dev-ops as well, I can setup
automated and error-tolerant development pipelines,
automated roll-out/deployments, and leverage framework
testing suites in order to increase developer velocity
and code-base stability.

For a recent project that I've done, in Fall 2016 I was
the team lead of a group of 5 to build out a Java to C++
transpiler. We fully leveraged git flow, modern OOP design
paradigms, and dealt with an under-documented and finicky
3rd party library that was a core requirement of the project.

I'm proud to say that we delivered the project to spec,
and had one of the cleanest, easiest-to-modify, and robust
codebases out of any team.

Outside of general software development, I have a passion
for Fencing and creating small projects. I am an ardent
supporter of the EFF and ACLU for their amazing work for
netizens in the 21st century, along with UNICEF for helping
children's development in developing countries.

I do like to volunteer my time and skills, and am open to
non-profits looking for software engineering help.

Looking to get in touch?
[Professional & Business inquiries]:   JasonYao+business@nyu.edu
[Personal inquiries]:                            JasonYao+personal@nyu.edu

Let's talk!

